add Panel on Hugging Face blog post (#1252)
huggingface/blog: panel-on-hugging-face.md

---
title: "Panel on Hugging Face" 
thumbnail: /blog/assets/panel-on-hugging-face/thumbnail.png
authors:
- user: philippjfr
  guest: true
- user: sophiamyang
  guest: true
---

# Panel on Hugging Face

<!-- {blog_metadata} -->
<!-- {authors} -->

> We are thrilled to announce the partnership between Panel and Hugging Face! 🎉 We have integrated a Panel template in Hugging Face Space to help you get started building Panel apps and deploy them on Hugging Face effortlessly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce the collaboration between Panel and Hugging Face! 🎉 We have integrated a Panel template in Hugging Face Spaces to help you get started building Panel apps and deploy them on Hugging Face effortlessly. 
```

<a href="https://huggingface.co/new-space?template=Panel-Org/panel-template"> <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/badges/raw/main/deploy-to-spaces-lg.svg"/> </a>

## About Hugging Face

> 

Reviewer: I'm ok keeping this, but given it's published in our blog, I would assume people know it already

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think it could distract a bit from the message, and we don't usually have a Hugging Face intro in other posts.

Author: Will remove the section. Thanks!
